shibata added English-version file of the difference after February 10 (#110)
fujitake/vantiq-related: vantiq-platform-operations/docs/eng/deploy_yaml_config.md

# Customized configuration of deploy.yaml

> This article describes an example configuration that requires customization according to Private Cloud requirements. The default configuration is defined by [k8sdeploy](https://github.com/Vantiq/k8sdeploy) (permission required), but the default settings are overridden in `deploy.yaml`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article describes an example configuration that requires customization according to Private Cloud requirements. The default configuration is defined by [k8sdeploy](https://github.com/Vantiq/k8sdeploy) (permission required), but the default settings are overridden in `deploy.yaml`.  
```

```yaml
vantiq:
...
  mongodb:
  ...
    affinity: |
      nodeAffinity:
        {{- if eq .Values.workloadPreference "hard" }}
        requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
          nodeSelectorTerms:
          - matchExpressions:
            - key: vantiq.com/workload-preference
              operator: In
              values:
              - database
        {{- else }}
        preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
        - weight: 50
          preference:
            matchExpressions:
            - key: vantiq.com/workload-preference
              operator: In
              values:
              - database
        {{- end }}
      podAntiAffinity:
        requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
          - labelSelector:
              matchExpressions:
                - key: app
                  operator: In
                  values:
                    - mongodb
                    - vantiq
                    - vision-analytics
                    - metrics-collector
                    - influxdb-influxdb
                    - influxdb
            topologyKey: kubernetes.io/hostname
```

## Version specification of components  

> Use to specify a different version for a particular component in the standard configuration packaged as `vantiq_system_release`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use to specify a different version for a particular component other than the standard configuration packaged as `vantiq_system_release`.  
```
